Initial version of translation process description in English (#141)
tlbootcamp/tlroadmap: translations/process/translation-process.md

> # Working on translations

Reviewer: what about https://gitlocalize.com/ ?

Author: Looks interesting. I've installed it in my fork, but it allows to only add a translation a block by block, so I haven't migrated my translation into it.

@etolstoy, what do you think about the tool? It looks neat and it's free.

Reviewer 2: Wow, it looks really awesome. Let's try to integrate it!

This project introduces a simple translations versioning system. We want to have a simple way of finding a diff to be translated. Similar to decisions done with the CAP theorem, we sacrifice consistency (applying eventual consistency) to higher availability (documents in different languages). 

## Creating a new translation

To facilitate the process of finding and translating the diff, we add a commit hash of the doc in Russian, considered as the base language, to the end of the translated page, section "Translation notes. Here is [an example](README-en.md)

## Updating existing translation

> If a translation simply improves wording or fixes small errors no additional changes required.

Reviewer 3: no additional changes required -> no additional changes are required
?

If a translation aims to mirror some changes in the original file, the whole diff between the old and new translations should be translated. 
1. Find the [diff](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff) between the already translated version and the version that is going to be translated.
1. Translate the changes, add improvements to existing parts if needed.
1. Update the "Translation notes" section in the updated translation file, changing the commit link to the original file version commit.

## Creating a doc that is not in Russian

> We want to achieve a unidirectional flow of translations and chose Russian as a base language of the repo. As a result, we are asking everyone to kindly add Russian version to any document.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We want to achieve a unidirectional flow of translations and chose Russian as a base language of the repo. As a result, we ask everyone to kindly add a Russian version to any document.
```
